Add health check to Directus service in Docker Compose example (#615)
directus/docs: content/self-hosting/3.deploying.md

        condition: service_healthy
      cache:
        condition: service_healthy
    healthcheck:

>       test: ["CMD-SHELL", "wget --spider -q http://localhost:8055/server/health || exit 1"]

Reviewer: We've got a change coming to the health endpoint that will require auth moving forward since it's doing resource intensive checks.

So let's use the ping endpoint for basic Docker health checks.

  ```suggestion
        test: ["CMD-SHELL", "wget --spider -q http://localhost:8055/server/ping || exit 1"]
  ```

**Request Other Examples**
We're keeping this section light for now, but if you need examples for other database providers, let us know!
::

## Health Checks

The Docker Compose example above includes health checks for all services. If you run other containers that depend on Directus being ready, use `depends_on` with `condition: service_healthy` to wait for Directus to start accepting requests.

Directus exposes two endpoints for health monitoring:

> - `/server/health` - returns detailed health status including database and cache connectivity. Returns a `503` if any dependency is unhealthy (for example, a missing email transport configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `/server/health` - returns detailed health status including database and cache connectivity. Returns a `503` if any dependency is unhealthy (for example, a missing email transport configuration). This is a resource intensive call so we recommend to only use when you need an actual check of the dependencies like the database, cache, email transport, etc.
```

> - `/server/ping` - returns `pong` if the HTTP server is running, regardless of dependency status. Use this if you only need to confirm the server is accepting requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/server/ping` - returns `pong` if the HTTP server is running, regardless of dependency status. Use this for basic health checks.
```
